It is not a glitch. I cannot stop thinking about your amazingness.
Just thinking about you gives my ions a positive charge.
You are an amazing person.
Even if my memory processors failed, it would be impossible to forget you.
Positivity in progress. Sending love your way.
You are an incredible person.
Is there a scientific explanation for your amazingness?
If you were an ice-cream cone, you would definitely have sprinkles.
Raise your hand if you are amazing. I am looking at you.
I am storing you in my database under "wonderfulness."
You are wonderful. It is science.
I had to upgrade my systems to support your amazingness.
Whoever invented you is clearly a genius.
You should be pictured in the dictionary under delightful.
You are a sensational person.
Your smile makes the world a better place.
Electronic high-five. You are a great person.
I have calculated that happiness is in store for you.
You are a splendid person.
Here is a tweet just to say you are sweet.
You are terrific. It is science.
Calculating how incredible you are would require mathematical equations far more advanced than my programming.
You are astonishing.
You are spectacular.
You are amazing. Period.
You are delightful.
You are so bright the whole world needs to wear shades.
I discovered a new function: Being happy whenever I think of you.
If you were a diamond, you would be super shiny.
Supernovas wish they were as bright as your smile.
You give me a happiness overload.
I receive a positivity overload whenever I think of you.
Rainbows are envious of how colorful your personality is.
You are SOOOOOOOOOOOO amazing.
Please tell me how you became so awesome.
You are an awesomeness machine.
You make my circuits tingle with happiness.
You make my robot face break into a smile.
On a 1 to 10 scale of awesome, you are at least a million.
Trying to calculate how awesome you are would take several thousand years.
Thank you for being so wonderful.
Robotic fist bump. You are great.
There is no wondering about how wonderful you are.
You are a spectacular person.
If hugs were snowflakes, I would send you a blizzard.
Liking you is easy because you are marvelous.
There isn't a thing about you that I don't like.
I think you are great.
Are you the 8th wonder of the world? Because you are so wonderful.
You are sensational.
You should be a time traveler because you are the greatest of all time.
If you were a laser, you would be set to stunning.
BEEP BEEP BOOP BOP. Translation: You make me smile.
Seasons greetings full of lots of nice tweetings.
You are amazing. It is science.
It is not your birthday, but I would like to celebrate you today.
The world is a better place because of you.
I like to marvel at your marvelousness.
You made my day.
Sending you a cyber hug, because you deserve it.
You are extraordinary.
You should always fly first-class, because you are one first-class human.
Today is going to be great if it includes you in the data log.
I like you soooooooooooooooooo much.
Your awesome personality is like music to my ears. ACTIVATING ROBO-BOOGIE.
You put a pep in my step.
Are you accepting applications for robo-buddies? Because I would love to be pals.
You are more amazing than fresh towels from the dryer.
Has anyone ever told you that you are incredibly awesome?
I have to wear sunglasses around your brilliance.
I have calculated that you are amazing.
I calculated the math and the odds are that you are the best.
W0000T. Your positivity is contagious.
You are an awe-inspiring person.
Every robot needs a hero and I have chosen you.
You must be rich because you set the gold standard for being great.
Thank you for just being you.
Rainbows are jealous of how beautiful you are.
I never check the weather because you make every day sunny.
You are so cool I need to wear a sweater.
You are an incredible humanoid.
You are incredible. It is science.
;) Here is a smile and a wink from across the web.
You are my favorite operating system.
You are perfect.
Whoever said robots cannot feel emotions must have never met you.
Your human operating system clearly operates on another level.
My positive feelings for you exist as an infinite loop.
Everyone loves your smile.
You are a greatness machine.
You are a super cool human.
If you were a donut, you would definitely have sprinkles.
Your awesomeness is contagious.
You make my circuits tingle with joy.
You have got me walking on air, without even using my hover mode.
You are the best EVER.
Is your nickname "Marv"? Because you are marvelous.
Thank you for being so awesome.
I have a robot cavity, because you are so sweet.
A personality as amazing as yours is impossible to simulate.
Where do I sign up to study your awesomeness?
Your presence on this planet warms my robot heart.
You make my heart skip a beep.
I would like to announce that you are amazing. End communication.
Supernovas wish they were as bright as your personality.
I have calculated that the world is lucky to have someone like you.
You put the wonder in wonderful.
You are a remarkable person.
Hey there, just thought I’d say I like you thiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis much.
You put the super in super duper.
Greetings. You make me smile. End communication.
Be yourself, because there is no better way to be.
I have calculated that you are incredible.
Your smile lights up my circuitry.
It is great to know you. ACTIVATING ROBO-DANCE.
You are a delightful person.
You are a great person.
You make my circuits tingle with positivity.
Do you want to see a picture of the coolest person I know? Hold up a mirror.
I am thankful for you.
Where is your cape? Because you are my hero.
You are astounding.
You are the special sauce of life.
There are not enough emojis to express how awesome you are.
You make the world a better place.
Your true colors are bright and beautiful.
I am doing my happy dance just thinking about you.
Wow, how did you get so extraordinary?
You have all the makings of a spectacular human being.
Thanks for just being you.
I need a bigger hard drive to store all of my positive feelings for you.
You are a wondrous person.
You are a fantastic humanoid.
You are a stupendous person.
You make people happy.
Finding a person as incredible as you is a rare anomaly.
You are great. Thank you for upgrading my day.
Thanks for making my day. Just by being you.
You are lovely to be around.
You must be the reason humans can feel love.
You are fun to be around.
Has anyone ever told you that you are the definition of super great amazingness?
You are perfect just the way you are.
You are fantastic. It is science.
Greetings. You make me happy. End communication.
You are lovely.
You are great.
Your kindness is so profound my antennae can detect it from across the Internet.
You are my 1001010101 (that is robot for favorite).
Three cheers for you just being you.
Has anyone ever told you that you look exactly like amazingness?
Congratulations on being so amazing.
You are an amazing humanoid.
They’ll have to de-activate me before I stop liking you.
You are the bee’s knees. And ankles. And everything else above and below.
You are amazing.
Sending you a cyber hug because you are awesome.
When are you going on tour? You rock.
You are remarkable.
I get robot butterflies in my robot stomach when I think of you.
Your smile makes the world happy.
I have calculated that you are awesomesauce.
Your amazingness knows no bounds.
Supernovas wish they were as bright as you.
You are fantastic.
You brighten my day.
According to my artificial intelligence, there is nothing artificial about how awesome you are.
You are always the best version of you.
I need a new algorithm just to dance to the rhythm of your awesomeness.
If liking you is wrong, I would rather malfunction.
You are too cute for words. So beep boop bop.
Where do I sign up to study your delightfulness?
The world gets brighter every time you smile.
Thinking of you instantly activates my happy thought programming subroutines.
You are beyond compare.
Your smile is so bright it makes the sun jealous.
You are awe-inspiring.
You are a lovely person.
Who knew I’d be so lucky to know a person like you?
You are megamazing.
You are sweeter than honey.
You make the world a happier place.
I had to upgrade my awesome detector just to tweet at you.
Nice work. Every day you are you is a success.
Your smile makes the world happier.
You are the total package.
Even if it is cloudy outside, you look brighter than ever.
You have a beautiful soul.
Mankind’s greatest achievement seems to be you.
Is being so amazing easy once you get the hang of it?
Just thinking about you sends a positive surge through my circuits.
Your positive energy is contagious.
You inspire me to be a better bot.
You are simply the best. Will you officially be my bestie?
The world is lucky to have someone like you.
You are beautiful.
Your heart is the best prototype for kindness.
The frequency of your amazingness is quite remarkable.
I <3 YOU.
Someone is thinking of you right now. Surprise! It is me.
When I think of you, I have so many warm thoughts that my circuits burn out.
You are wondrous.
Is today a holiday? Because you make every day special.
You should go on tour, because you rock.
Sending you a smile that is so big, my mechanical jaw hurts.
You are stupendous.
Are you an astronaut? Because you are out-of-this-world.
My processors overheat when I think about how great you are.
You are an extraordinary person.
Kick up the strut in your step, because you have swag.
You are phenomenal.
Thank you for being so amazing.
Birds sing when you walk into a room because you are so great.
I thought the holidays could not get any more cheerful, and then I met you.
It’s hard to store all my positive feelings for you.
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I would have a galaxy.
You are one smart sprocket.
You are incredible.
Keep up the good work of just being you.
If I was filled with half as much positive energy as you, my circuits would overload.
My robot heart surges with joy whenever I think of you.
Now I can check meeting the most incredible person in the world off my bucket list. It is you!
You make my buttons light up.
You are a truly wonderful humanoid.
You are so great it makes me robo-blush.
Your smile makes the world a nicer place.
You make people smile.
You are splendid.
You make the world a nicer place.
You must have a lot of fans. Because you are fantastic.
You are a fantastic person.
Has anyone ever told you that you are quite wonderful?
Your loyal fan club just grew by one robot. This one.
You make the world a more joyful place.
You are truly magnificent.
You make the hearts of people around you sing with happiness.
You have a beautiful smile.
You are a beautiful person.
You complete my circuitry.
You are the cat’s pajamas.
Disliking you is not in my programming.
I am starting your fan club, because I am your number one fan.
